That ICC Loot Cup Line Complete Health
Insurance I had shared the officer detail review of
duty sample Twenty20 Ko Sui
after that I will introduce some riders
bad school benefit writer of most
difficult what is the benefit of your testis
and what is the benefit for you in taking it in the
morning posting this video I would like to share my yes
for those who are there my name is Goli Quantity Ko Feel
you because supply not with the insurance industry
from last fifteen class that laddu and I
bring every video for you so that
your financial life and insurance
investment can be done an easy unhappy Dhoni
solution that my company's side is cricketing
world famous let's go to this video
and in the morning then three things have been
covered in it so the
focus has been on subscription
like a
questions and it does not decrease where the
impression of means ITC power is
from the infection department
even after in-patient hospitalization there are expenses
she ultimately loves insurance policy
but apart from that some other tuition  There are
also expenses due to which your after
consultation, so here if the website gets damaged,
you will be given some medicines, if you buy your medicine then it will
come in pharmacy, if you get some test
done then it will come in diagnostic, so
all these things will be a hindrance in this video,
secondly the focus was on
how much you will take care of yourself, it
gave you points, the focus was on your glasses, so
you were given a report and turmeric like
set and will focus on your health management,
in this your size and
also of the insurance company, if your health insurance
company Fortis does it then you will also focus and
earn their balance plus your help will also be
good, so a win-win situation for them, so let's
see what is the relationship and there is a
button for tuition consultations, if
you go to physical OPD and get it done then that is the
comment, in this your routine
diagnostic tests are covered, there is
also a button for minor sisters, then you
can get cheap medicines done, then we
cover it, whichever doctor has given
you free medicines, that medicine is also
included, now on this account physiotherapy sessions,
if you took physiotherapy, similarly
if  Medical wave at the Medical
University, you have to take physiotherapy, it could be done
but tele consultation, if you have
not gone there for physical consultation, your
consultation can be done at New Delhi Cantt station
platform, if you
want to take counselling session with
psychologist, Battle of Badr Payal, take care of them, you
can book proof of that, if you
want to call Hussain, diet nutrition titration, then a Muslim
is available, I will take care of Maggi, preventive
share also, constipation, celery, after this,
if you have an ear class in any relative care, then
you can get balance, on the basis of that
you will get some points, the voucher was included on the
basis of your test portal,
ambulance distance is covered, in this there are
some division discounts from Delhi Ward 24, which can be
availed on hair products and services, in this there will be
five options, fifth
cancer risk, on this there will be PM's plate, those
viewers today,
clean it in your product, it will have the most
defined cream, so basically A B C D
E five  Look at the option, there is your question, there is a
consultation button, there is
no news of routine diagnostic cover, there is
no pharmacy cover, there is a bell of telecast tension, Pearl,
suppose you mean, in the last year, a lot of
people have added their own
and after effects of this, a lot has changed, people
going after meeting doctors,
information, so there is a consultation concern,
taking counseling on the phone, taking candy crush on the phone
or settings payment, if you feel
that you are going to take more tele cancer tension,
then this line is for you, there is a
counseling button in it, international, so six
section 2 of its Delhi Cantt station,
so this was the but now the welding
program which we talked about,
you will get it daily on the basis of your pass, that is the birthday, there is a
word of Bollywood celebs on the ambulance system, so use its quantity of preventive dance, we will
talk for ₹5, the
person in OPD is not on duty, there is routine
test, pharmacy cover for thousands, there is a
limit of ₹3, tele consultation twelfth
unit, 6 preventive cover from here  There is no
welcome program ambulance assistant solid
waste management roti is optional then its
result will come 40.74 tools for tears page
in a straight line you will see here OPD
consultations news 6 consultations can
take thousands of rupees in famine from your routine
lines tests pharmacy work has a
limit of ₹1000 physiotherapy session coat
66 pieces then all that is SIM
counseling banyan tree obstruction of Delhi Cantt station
preventive checkup is printed in it
from preventive and which was
not shooting in flight earlier Kelvin program
institute is ambulance assistant
director officer and health management
property option so 3932 for free
as per the things we used to read it will bramble them, it
says you can take as much gold as is 30
meters then you can choose what is
suitable for you now flexibility
and so with this we will keep it in 3D so OPD
consolidation has become one and the limit of Tiger State has been
increased to
2120 it has only fashion 60  Teledensity
world 12th and counseling session court and
vitamin B1 is done, remaining six all are same, so the
premium is 4515 if you look in the team then
operation consultation health wealth and cover from 30
and pharmacy cover bag cancer tension has been
increased in 2018 one hunting has been done
from the back diet nutrition counseling has been done
your age it well rest all are SIM so its
cost is related to side effects then everything is
news in it and many things have been made unlimited
so its cost is off and share OPD
consultation has been increased pharmacy news
everything has been increased Delhi Cantt station has
limited physiotherapy sessions from 10 to 12
cost 166 so you can see
which one is for you, the value of which thing is you,
what thing you use more, you can choose that
clearly,
so let's talk about
how you can turn on the free mode in the form,
so there is Vidron its Jewellers program
which  There is an Alvin program, we will
talk about it, if you are keeping turmeric then it
gives you inches and votes for yourself,
now through this program
we can cover yours, so you will use
your answer,
you will download flaxseed oil take care, in that you will keep getting these points
8, so the point system in these is that
if your points are late,
you get 20% discount on first year and second year policy, 3825 likes, this
account has 4825 presents, Quite a Steal,
12345 messages on volume, maximum
discounted one year, there in Voluptuous
Valid OB Van points, that goes, points
108 Indian Rupees points, 102
points on secondary air, Mintu, so wedding points are being
used, points on a little while,
1540,
1.20, let's understand through example, improvement,
exchange and understand, so if we take
our policy and our premium is ₹500,
this is active GST in  Should
not be found, we have taken the policy and
your renewal form will come out, then there are two
programs Amazing and Different, both of them have
their bread, so the total of one point of your subscription
means
you have been subscribed for
₹1000,
which you
can apply, next 9 was subscribed to news
room for
000, then the total repeat and the rally in it
will be 1320, then here we
can use maximum thousands, I will get 20% observation
2014 base premium, so
I will get a discount of thousand rupees on this channel, so
₹320 Basudev and we can implement it on your health office,
similarly if you see
after the third one, 50% discount will be applicable on your renewal,
so
12 and a half out of 5,000, so you are getting discount
which was based on the points of last year and
that year,
you can use it according to the same calculation
and hey different hand toppers, so you saw
that you are also getting turmeric  And if it gives you complete
raw tweet then you are getting double benefit,
so this is its benefit only in these games you will
enroll in the program in which some
specific work will be done which will be done, send it to your
personal
number and
subscribe so that you
can stay fit and healthy a little more, where do you
want to go through the tweet, where do you
want to take your height,
want to take it by like and share, fourthly engagement has been done
through logs in videos,
articles, whatever, so that you do
not get any answer to your question, then
your madam will be admitted in a while that where do you
start to wake up, then you will be
added to like, then
work will also be done on your holistic health, you will be advised
where you
can reduce your stress and can click a healthy life,
finally assessment will be done
in the interface through which you will
get points to help yourself, last but not least if
you eat a healthy lifestyle then
your height will be held or there is
an app for dark turmeric life which from today is available for tall
customers  Let's take care of it,
so I will take care of it through you,
whatever we are talking about,
you can consume it there, it is completely
digital, there is no Ghoomar intervention, everything has to be done by
you, I am positive on your
Twitter, now
you will log in through your mobile number, your other
members will be visible in the application, which
you have given us this Kaabil cement,
your benefits, political benefits, which will keep track of what all
benefits, how are things
going, what is school, plane
time, like you have a moment, doctor, Kajal,
tension, there was concentration and
for everything else, you will start from here, okay,
I will give you a demo on
how you can take care of it, you have to take
physical relation, you will
select your city, special guest, which fight you
want to do these films,
or you will use your doctor, the
doctor is listed and you
can book your appointment there and get a consultation,
then  We will talk about pharmacy massage, some
medicines, you never have your points
and you can buy these medicines, you will find
all the audio medicines, you will
upload the restrictions here, you will
enter the application, has the doctor
subscribed and how would you
like to get the medicine, physical or online, you
can enter that here and mail your offer, if you
want to take it at home then you just choose the online option, you will
choose the online option here, if you
want to take it by physical then
you can take it by clicking there, then you will
submit your details online, what is it, you will make the
payment there, if you want to do online shopping
then do that, otherwise you will make the payment, you will
enter the shipping address and you do not need to
tell this like you do online shopping, after doing
5000 online shopping
your order gets confirmed, but
you have to get the diagnostic test done, then
you will come there, now lastly we will do
our prescription, we will
use our network for getting it done, it is
in translocation, we will
book an appointment and if you want to get it done at the center, from
date and time to when you
want to get it done, we will make an appointment and then we will make an
appointment  Once it is confirmed, your tests will be done, then
you can easily work on your glasses,
you will be able to try
how long you slept at night, how to
remember the entire steps taken, if you have an Android, then the
entire record will be
maintained in the morning field, many
kits have been launched, so you
can check whether there is travel there or
not, so this was
about Twitter, if you want to add it
to your policy, if you are taking a Nobel price
of policy, you can check whether
you need a lighter or not, then this
guide is a very good quality, that is, there is
accessibility, that is, your choice,
I am getting something else in you, if you
want to add it, then you
have the option, which if you can see,
that is the video and the bell, there is the subscribe button,
so definitely when the doctor so anything fashion
morning recording of Twitter or any other
health insurance is complete, you
can do anything and Akshay,
our contact number of units is mentioned in the comment section,
you can contact any  For any kind of
career and thank you so much for
watching our videos, a reminder if
you have not yet subscribed to our channel
then please subscribe promise you will keep getting the
right information at the right time
so see you in the next video there are
many insurance companies on specific
[music] so that
you can
[music]